# Odin Monthly Standup 

* Date: 2021-12-18
* Attendees: 
* Recording: 

## Agenda

- Brief round table for inflight projects.
    - a
- Finalize current updates to the [Templates](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/curriculum/tree/main/templates) [Eric]
    - Major points: Assignment vs Practice, Project iterations/steps, process for adding images, LO verbiage, KC placement
    - Briefly discuss community project to update lessons based on the new templates
- /r/theodinproject subreddit continuing discussion [Briggs]
- Increase meeting frequency continuing discussion [Sully | Briggs]
- Select site for Final JS project continuing discussion [Briggs]
- Discuss Code of Conduct/rules/moderation refresh [Tatiana/Rachel]
- discuss Dyno bot and discuss moderation style updates [Tatiana]
- Next fireside chat ideas? [Tatiana]
- Introduce next "CoC" project [Tatiana]
- Possibility of an Issue template?
- Group PR review sessions? [Sully]
