# Odin Monthly Standup 

* Date: 2021-10-30
* Attendees: James, Sully, Rachel, Eric, Kevin, Tatiana, Marvin, Cody,Briggs
* Recording: James

## Agenda

-Brief round table for inflight projects.
  - HTML/CSS
      - HTML/CSS plugging along, a tad slower than desired. But moving forward. 
      - Would be nice to have smaller lessons to see already.
  - Git lesson
      - Zack knocked out git basics lesson that's good.
      - Need to check in Cat Queen on the commit lesson progress. 
  - Ruby testing
      - On hold for now, should be continued in the next couple of weeks. 
      - Kevin says its feasible to finish by the end of the year.
  - Data Structures
      - No updates currently.
      - Marvin should be ready for some help soon.
- Moderator role feedback/observations.
    - Most actions handled by maintainers still, but it has been a helpful change to share the burden. 
    - Time zone coverage has been super beneficial.
- Put a pin into a "learner" conversation.
    - Mindset has more importance than the term. 
    - Based on that might not be worth changing the terms throughout the curriculum if majority won't understand the importance.
    - Suggest that we are going to close existing PR and explain the reasoning. 
    - Need to open a new PR around "project submissions". 
    - Modify Carlos messaging to try to convey the messaging better. 
- Discuss potential PR review process improvements & ground rules.
    - GitHub provides request review again.
    - Issues are universal across, unless someone chooses to explicitly own it.
    Action Items
    - Request review from the original person if they haven't looked back.
    - Use discord channel.
    - Add it to the onboarding docs for maintainers / core.
- Propose moving monthly from Saturday to a weekday evening.
    - Is Saturday mid day awkward for most? (James thoughts)
    - No from the group for now. 
    - Nov monthly on 11/20 and Dec monthly on 12/18.
- Discuss rules that need to be updated/refreshed.
    - Reviewing dog-piling rule. Don't step on toes.
    - Maybe create a doc on lessons learned from various situations (add to backlog of ideas).
    - Rearranging rules in Discord. 
    - Briggs will rewrite the rules so that they are not handles by the bot (Zira) and will duplicate it in markdown.
- Discuss foundation lessons that need to be refreshed.
    - Redundancy between few of the first lessons. 
    - Beginner lessons bloated, takes a while to get to 'fun' parts.
    - Extract discord/join community out of foundations?
    - Implement onboard checklist on the site? (backlog)

- Discuss medium and dev.to
      - Not opposed, get some guidlines 


Action Items (other than inflight):



