# Odin Monthly Standup 

* Date: 2021-11-20
* Attendees: Bender, Briggs, Kevin, Rachel, Sully, Eric, LPSV, Marvin
* Recording: Alex (Bender)

## Agenda

- Brief round table for inflight projects.

- /r/theodinproject subreddit [Briggs]

- "Study Room" vanity channel for community [Briggs]

- Any desire for a #professionals channel in Discord? [Leo]

- Onboarding "Buddies" [Sully]

- Increase meeting frequency? [Sully]

- Select site for final JS project: https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/javascript/lessons/javascript-final-project [Briggs]

- Anonymous critisism box [Briggs]

## Minutes

Meeting started at 12:00PM EST

- Brief round table for inflight projects.
    - HTML/CSS rewrite: Finishing up some lessons, waiting on Cody?
    - Knowledge checks: Node almost done, Ruby still has many left
    - Git rework: Cat finished commit lesson yesterday, awaiting review; After, Sully will work on branching, going to ask others to contribute, possibly mihael.
    - Ruby testing: on hold (Kevin)
    - Data structures: Marvin posted in chat, need time to write content, job holding him back from having time.
    - Mod role feedback: don't need to cover.
    - Pinned posts in discord to GitHub repo (Rachel): Some need more polish, Rachel has been going through and cleaning up. FAQ ones are ready to go. Links on pinned posts don't take people to the right place.
    - Move Discord info out of Foundations into its own area (Rachel): Hoping to have something by next meeting to show up. Reason: gotten too lengthy.
    - Timato refactoring javascript code in site to more modern standards.

- /r/theodinproject subreddit [Briggs]
    - Do we want to keep/moderate?
    - Another "thing" to maintain vs. bolster social media presence.
    - Could be used for announcements.
    - Tabled for December meeting

- "Study Room" vanity channel for community [Briggs]
    - Zach (Hateburn)'s idea
    - Voting on, possibly do a trial run and get community feedback

- Any desire for a #professionals channel in Discord? [Leo]
    - Channel to "talk shop" and discuss different work processes.
    - Also a way to create a "club-40"-like community with professionals to improve retention. 
    - Could be an opportunity to create a networking environment
    - Creating and seeing what happens (Briggs)

- Onboarding "Buddies" [Sully]
    - Can be helpful for new people brought on to have a go-to person to ask questions.
    - Could be the last person brought on becomes the "buddy" for the next
    - Sully will PR to top-meta maintainer section

- Increase meeting frequency? [Sully]
    - Not enough time to discuss ideas with monthly meetings
    - Possibly during the week for people who can't make weekend meetings
    - Could have announcements about meetings and a platform for pre-discussion or requests to table discussions that a person who will be absent wants to contribute to
    - Tabled till after holidays

- Select site for final JS project: https://www.theodinproject.com/paths/full-stack-javascript/courses/javascript/lessons/javascript-final-project [Briggs]
    - End of Node/Ruby is Odin Book, could create confusion for learners who choose to make Facebook.
    - GitHub flags sites
    - Pinterest?
    - Forum site where user chooses topic?
    - Tabled to December

- Anonymous critisism box [Briggs]
    - Allow people to speak up without fear of being banned
    - Simple netlify site that sends email to TOP
    - Agree to try, actual platform TBA

Adjourned at 1:16PM EST
