# Odin Monthly Standup 

* Date: 2022-06-25
* Attendees: Daniel, Zach, Leo K, Leo S, Xari, Rachel, Kevin, Eric, 
* Recording: Kevin

## Agenda
- Discuss rotating/changing the maintainer meeting timeslot [Daniel]
    - To better accomodate the current maintainer+ schedules and timezones
    
## Minutes

### Inflight Projects

#### Styleguide [Eric]
* Foundations coming along nicely
* Moving more issues over from the meta to curriculum repo

#### Move to Tailwind [Leo S / Kevin]
* All react components have been moved over [Leo S]
* Path pages half way there [Kevin]

#### Community Onboarding [Rachel]
* Time is limited for Rachel at the moment during the summer
* Needs rebased

#### Rails Team [Daniel]
* Currently establishing milestones that learners will need to achieve during the course
* Chook and McDaniels doing great stuff with project boards to make async communication easier


### Agenda Item Discussions

#### Maintainer meeting time slot rotation
* Post when to meet 2 weeks before the end of month meeting to determine the best time for everyone
* Action: Zach to look into creating dyno reminder and posting the when to meet.

#### Staff Channels:
* Create staff category
* Add staff discussions channel
* Add staff anouncments channel
* Add staff hangout voice channel
* Consolidate moderator and maintainers offtopic into new staff offtopic channel 
* Action: Kevin to make announcment and create new channels / archive old channels on Monday(17/06/2022)

#### Staff Color Change
* Needs more information gathering
* Action: Eric to create a thread in new staff discussions to gather thoughts on role colors
