
# Odin Monthly Standup 

* Date: 2022-02-26
* Attendees: Sully, Zach, Leo K., Daniel, Cody, MacDaniel, Bender, Kevin, Briggs
* Recording: Daniel

## Agenda

- Brief round table for inflight projects.
    - a
- Briefly go over new labels (<5 minutes) [Eric]
    - Explain purpose of the push to use labels more
    - Give quick examples of a 2-3 labels
    - Thread will be created for discussion of labels to add/remove
- 

## Minutes

- Eric couldn't make the meeting so no discussion on labels agenda item

- Sully's Git Work
    - Git work is 96% done
    - Last PR up for changes to Git in the Real World

- Bender's Review Trading Beta
    - Beta will end this week
    - About 1/3 of beta sign ups actually used it
    - Participants were prudent, positive and excited about the process
    - Only a couple of times was feedback not the best advice, but nothing horrendous
    - There will need to be a tag/role for Review Trading on Discord and a no-review role for those barred from reviewing
    - If that doesn’t work, then can try the opposite, an opt-in to the role only assigned to approved users
    - Propose 3 separate Discord channels, Ruby, JS and Foundations
    - Reviewers could be part of multiple channels unless it becomes a problem
    - More moderation help will be needed
    - Moderators should focus on rule breaking
    - Maintainers skim channels and should only focus on really bad advice and not minor things
    - Participants can use mod mail to reach out about any problems
    - Separate terminology of “code review” and “review” - possibly use “feedback trading” instead
    - If participants violate rules or give bad advice they will be warned and then banned if they continue to do so (role will be removed)
    - Bender volunteers to watch JS channel
    - If the whole review trading process isn’t working out or requires too much fuel to run, it goes the way of the Hummer (trash it)
    - Will have to watch out for scenarios where participants try to partner up but their partner keeps disappearing - no present solution to this problem
    - Encourage people to share their weaker projects in an effort to improve
    - But some people might want to focus on portfolio projects and fine tune
    - Bender will rework guidelines about participants not making new threads before checking existing threads for a partner
    - **Final Decision:** Bender will call for a courtesy vote after the beta ends on when to launch
    - **Summary of Action Items:** Create Discord channels and Discord review role. Also rework guidelines on new threads.

- Briggs' Database Project
    - Briggs forming team including Oreo, rnhttr, Tati and Timato
    - Briggs will contact Eric for guidelines on lesson writing
    - Briggs will connect with Sully on TOP meta stuff for this project
    - Goal is to finish before end of Q2
    - **Summary of Action Items:** Briggs to connect with Eric and Sully

- Kevin's Update on Rails site & Rails path
    - Rails site changes coming along slowly. Just Kevin and Leo S. working on it
    - Rails Path moving forward with a discussion planned in 4 weeks for Rails Ownership Team

- Bot Update
    - Lot of changes lately with the bot situation
    - Marvin has been doing a lot but not present to discuss
    - Moved to new API for Discord

- Zap App
    - Zap app is working properly now and just has some issues/tweaks remaining
    - The zap app is currently unofficial but will be for internal teams as well as community members to use
    - Leo K. will reach out to Ada for input on design/branding of zap app
    - We should ask Eric to take a look at accessibility in zap app, particularly with screen readers
    - Recognition should be given to the zap app team
    - Leo K. will reach out to the zap app team to discuss new Discord channel #community-project-zap-sim! 
    - New channel will be opened up to Club 40 soon and will close when project is completed
    - Responsiveness could be better, especially on iPad
    - If this new channel goes well we could make a dedicated channel to community projects from within Club 40
    - Could also seed community projects channel with ideas or allow members to grow them organically
    - **Summary of Action Items:** Leo K. to connect with Ada and zap app team. Briggs to open discord channel up to Club 40

- Idea Funnel
     - Add "Community run projects" into ideas funnel     
     - "Odin Test Bot" moved from ideas into discussing
       - We are in process of moving to Thor (Dyno). Can move 90% of commands there
       - Still need to maintain the point system
       - Need a way to link Discord and Odin together
     - Moved "Team Page" to Prioritize column
       - Team page can be worked on while waiting on Tailwind and Dashboard
     - "Remove Chess" moved from ideas into icebox as it will be covered by Rails Ownership Team
     - "TOP newsletter" left in funnel for now
       - Chook might be able to help. Chook went through members’ success stories and project completions
       - May need a maintainer to oversee project
     - "Display Authors on Lesson Page" moved to Discussing column
     - "Club 40 Streaming" moved to icebox

