# Odin Mid Month Meeting 

* Date: 2022-05-15
* Attendees: Kevin, Leo K, Zach, Sully, rlmoser, Briggs
* Recording: Briggs 

## Agenda

- Moderation
    - Things are going very well
    - Looking at appointing some small team to be "point people" for the mod team
    - Could be a mod, maint, or core who is a viable candidate that would not change the nature of the current structure for now
    - Give the mods more autonomoy in how they demonstrate our values to the community
    - Bring mods to the mid-monthly meetings for a while until they can get into a structure of their own to handle this kind of thing
    - Could get complicated with mods vs maints if we give mods their own meetings. 
        - Maybe require some training for maintianers to participate in disucssions with mods 
- Reporting Core members 
    - What to do if leadership needs to be reported
    - Problem with DMs, you need to be friends with all involved in the group DM
        - Policy to accept friend requests until understanding the purpose?
        - All team members make eachother friends?
            - What about non-team-members?
        - Ammend wording to reach out to one core member to help open up a safe space with multiple
    - What if there is no response? 
        - Expect a response in 24 hours, otherwise reach out to someone else?
    - What if a maintainer is reached out to?
        - The maint needs to reach out to those that are trusted to initiate the conversation.
    - Should we add this to the rules channel on Discord?
        - Need to outline how this in the rules.
    - Need to communicate 
