# Odin Monthly Meeting 

* Date: 2022-11-06
* Attendees: Kevin, Sully, Leo K, Xari, Scheals, rlmoser (partial), MMIncorporated (partial), Manon (partial)
* Recording:

## Minutes

### Heroku replacement
Kevin has some good replacement in sights, xari noted that it is important that they don't require a credit card due to accessibility concerns. Kevin said that a no-credit-card option would require using multiple platforms at once to get the job done but is possible.
 
### React revamp
Everything goes well, still plenty to be done but overall the involvement of c-40 people is good and the project is coming along nicely.
 
### Moderator updates
Scheals updated the team on what's the mod team up to - our new GitHub repo, Rules Revamp, pondering feedback-trading moderation, new moderator recruitment.

Try to close out at least *some* of Rules Revamp issues till the end of this week or next week.
We want to close out the moderator recruitment in the same time frame - due to our availability over coming holidays (Manon, Scheals) and potential user activity spike in January.
Scheals pings everybody in `#moderation-discussions` so we start this process, we need to:
- get an OK from everybody that we want to do this,
- figure out how we want to onboard people,
- figure out our availability for onboarding,
- refresh the onboarding document,

We talked through various concerns we had like:
- whether new moderators should have a different role with less permissions than the current ones for some time period - landed on a no due to moderators' feedback, 
- how we want new moderators to be onboarded - we want them to be onboarded well and in a simple manner, expect newcomers to watch more than do in the beginning so they can ease into the role without pressure,
- how much time current mods have for onboarding,

### TOP Survey
Xari made a proposal for it in form of a Google Form - the link to it is in the thread in the Staff Forum and is looking for feedback on it. Put feedback on it either there or in the discussion in the top-meta repo. We might want to move it to a private repo so it is one place.

We also discussed whether who we should target with the survey - the community at large or the Discord community. We want the community at large since it is the vast majority of our users, and while we could have a separate one for Discord community it is not seen as a priority right now.

### Community Manager
Maybe having a community manager would help us in the long run with opportunities. Not seen as a priority right now as we'd like to have more maintainers and work on the curriculum.
