# Odin Mid Month Meeting 

* Date: 2022-04-10
* Attendees: 
* Recording: 

## Agenda

- Discuss a rough idea regarding assigning reviewers to PRs [Eric]
    - Get people's thoughts on what would be more an "opt-in" thing (those who don't like/want it wouldn't be affected)
    - Would most likely need to be brought up again in a meeting with more in attendance to get more feedback/level of interest
- Discuss moving to an issue-first approach [Eric]
    - I.e., every PR should be attached to a PR, rather than people just opening PRs for simple things
- 
