# Odin Monthly Standup 

* Date: 2022-03-26
* Attendees: [Sully, Zach, Eric, Briggs, James, Kevin, Marvin, Leo, MMI, Tatiana]
* Recording: Sully

## Agenda / Minutes

### Brief round table for inflight projects.

#### Git rework [Sully]
  - at least practically done
  - one final pass through is needed then Sully will close the last issue
#### DS&A course [Marvin]
  - still marching forward
  - progress has been slowed because of external factors
#### Update of lessons to follow style guidelines [Eric]
  - still in the groundwork stage
  - almost ready for community involvement
#### Database course [Briggs]
  - has been slightly stalled
  - undertaking is more complex than expected
  - additionally help from other maintainers will likely be required
#### Tailwinds site update [Kevin]
  - momentum has been increasing
  - lesson URL length has been causing issues

### Discuss the responsibilities of moderation vs maintaining [Sully]
  - in non-extraordinary situations maintainers should defer to moderators for moderation actions
  - if moderators are unavailable or something must be urgently addressed maintainers should, of course, still act if neccesary
  - prefer having moderators execute maintainer zap application

### Discuss options for lesson on Form Styling [Eric]
  - Should the Form Styling be integrated with Form Basics? If not should we create a forms section in the intermediate HTML/CSS course since there will then be three different form lessons and a form based project?
    - The decision will be deferred to Cody

### Discuss chat-bombing rule and moderation [Briggs]
  - wording isn't optimal
  - more broadly the issue is that intent isn't being / hasn't been properly conveyed to the moderation team
