# Odin Mid Month Meeting 

* Date: 2022-02-09
* Attendees: 
* Recording: 

## Agenda

- Discuss NodeJS Refresh (Tati)
    - a
- Quick update on Style Guide Community Project (1-2 minutes) [Eric]
    - [Style Guide Issue](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/top-meta/issues/105) for discussion
- Briefly go over Contributing Guide, PR template, and Issue templates in our [CSS Exercises](https://github.com/TheOdinProject/css-exercises) repo (<5 minutes) [Eric]
    - The plan is to make these items consistent across our repos
    - The curriculum and main TOP repos may need to be updated Wiki-wise as well
    - Discussion, if any, can be held in a thread
- Bring up idea to "improve link text throughout the curriculum [Zach/Eric/Sully]
    - Improve the existing link text in the curriculum to be more accessible
    - Potentially create a large opportunity like the knowledge checks overhaul
- Discuss suggestions on club-40 mini-modding issue (<5 minutes) [Daniel]
    - Under Rule 1 actually state that community members should not attempt to moderate the chat themselves
    - Under Rule 1 indicate who moderators/maintainers actually are => (red/blue/orange)
    - For the FAQ add a featured question for "Who are the moderators on the TOP server?" => (red/blue/orange)
