# Odin Monthly Standup

* Date: 2022-09-24
* Attendees: Kevin, Sully, James, MMI, Rachel (partial), Timato, Xari, Zach (partial)
* Recording: Sully

## Minutes

- Brief round table for inflight projects.
  - Tailwind
    - Dark mode in progress
  - Rails testing
    - Ongoing, one major lesson and some small lessons left
  - React
    - Progress has been good
    - Project board is up to date
    - Big questions coming up in the future
      - How to deal with lack of backend
      - TODO put up forum post about it when ready
  - Odin bot
    - Looking to move to slash commands

- New maintainers?
  - Async convo needed
  - TODO forum post for discussion

- Mod team discussion
  - Discord badge differences
    - Move all staff to “odin” badge
  - GH permissions?
    - Project boards and other organizational tools are better than what’s available on discord
    - Give perms based on seniority?
    - Create separate org? Separate role?
    - Limit moderations perms only to moderation/documentation resources via role based permissions if possible
    - Combined meetings?
      - Facilitator would need to be in charge of ensuring people maintain their roles in each type of meeting
      - Try for next meeting

- Need more documentation on GH
  - Exit process
  - Onboarding docs are outdated
    - Split into smaller documents to improve maintainable and usefullness
  - “Key person” documentation

- PR backlog is building up at the moment, esp. Around JS
