
# Odin Mid Month Meeting 

* Date: 2022-10-15
* Attendees: Sully, Chook, Manon, Scotty, Scheals, Bender (partial)
* Recording: Scotty

## Minutes

### New Mods
- Scheals, Manon & BliZard carrying the bulk of the moderation atm.
- Get on with bringing on more mods.
- Introduce some sort of training role / limited permission for new mods in training?
- Do we 'save' potential new mods for future maintainer instead of bringing them on as a mod?
- Bring new mods on one at a time or together as part of a 'class'?
- Do another interest submission (with a clear message that we wil lbe bringing more on soon) or privately message / thread potential new mods and talk to them about it directly?
- Blockers for bringing on new mods:
  - Sort out & finalize zaps & rules.
  - Onboarding process (mentor?)
 
### General moderation thoughts & concerns
- Public warnings in favour of zaps going well. (Keep zaps for re-offenders)
- Sort out a way to track / log messages deleted via odin bot.
- Push github more for long form discussion & organization. Alleviate timezone issues.
- Visibility of old staff chats to new staff?
  - Privacy of old sensitive chats vs. having general context available to newcomers
  - Individuals should take ownership of cleaning up their own messages that they may not want new staff to see?
- How to propose new mod staff to the team.
  - Current mod team discusses and puts forward a candidate to be 'signed off' by / double checked by the rest of the team?

### Discussion to have later (ran out of time)
- Overall documentation strategy / organization / consolidation (currently documents are a bit all over the place)
  - Potentially even have a new website as a 'single source of truth' for TOP documentation? 
- Different levels of contribution guides (complete beginner, intermediate etc)

### Action Items
- Sort out zaps / rules and get new mods in.
- Sort out how to propose candidates to mod role.